[DOC-430] Document Kafka support (#309)
Macrometacorp/docs: docs/streams/kafka_on_gdn/kafka-python-client.md

---
sidebar_position: 20
title: Kafka Python Client
---

> Kafka-Python client library is designed to function much like the official java client, with a sprinkling of pythonic interfaces(e.g., consumer iterators). The library consists 6 different APIS via classes KafkaConsumer, KafkaProducer, KafkaAdminClient, KafkaClient, BrokerConnection, ClusterMetadata.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Kafka-Python client library is designed to function much like the official Java client, with a sprinkling of Pythonic interfaces(e.g., consumer iterators). The library consists six different APIs via classes KafkaConsumer, KafkaProducer, KafkaAdminClient, KafkaClient, BrokerConnection, and ClusterMetadata.
```

Reviewer: Is the list of the APIs important for this topic? It seems important for the library, but is it necessary information for us explaining how to use the client with Macrometa? If not, then remove it.

> The KafkaProducer can be used across threads without issue, unlike the KafkaConsumer which cannot. While it is possible to use the KafkaConsumer in a thread-local manner, multiprocessing is recommended.

Reviewer: This paragraph can be rewritten into a note about KafkaConsumer limitations.

:::note
We recommend using KafkaConsumer with multiprocessing rather than thread-local.
:::

(You might have to fix that note, I do not know what the things you are talking about are exactly.)

> #### Installation

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Installation
```

> The library needs Python 3.8+ installed. You can find installer [here](https://www.python.org/downloads/).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The library needs Python 3.8+ installed. Find the installer at [Python.org](https://www.python.org/downloads/).
```

> You can install the Kafka-Python library either via PyPi, using pip, or by building the library from source. Installation [documentation](https://pip.pypa.io/en/stable/installation/) of pip.

Reviewer: ```suggestion

You can install the Kafka-Python library either via PyPi, using pip, or by building the library from source. For more information, refer to [pip documentation](https://pip.pypa.io/en/stable/installation/).
```

> #### Producer

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Producer
```

> You can instantiate a Producer object using a bunch of parameters.

Reviewer: See earlier comments about capitalization.

> The following example creates a Python producer for the `<c8globals or c8locals>.<my-topic>` topic and sends 5 messages on that topic.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The following example creates a Python producer for the `<c8globals or c8locals>.<my-topic>` topic and sends five messages on that topic.
```

Reviewer: Write out numbers less than ten.
